Meeting Title: OpticOdds / Heisenberg
Date: May 11
Meeting participants: Mori Zihayat, Or, Or Dd100, Kargar, Jeremy Letran

Transcript:
 
Them: How you doing? Doing good. How are you? Nice to meet you. I'm at the castle. I will turn off my camera. But Mori and Madi over here. Yeah. Okay, perfect. So, yeah, first of all, yeah, it's. It's a real pleasure. Like, we already met in person, shy for me from opticotes and also. Also, Ryan. Just like the experience about the two companies about, like, opticotes and Oddjam. We're talking. Yeah. Multiple channels and about, like, multiple things in parallel. So one of the items that came up was basically what we are doing with prediction Market, but mostly for, I would say B2C side or B2B to C what we're building around that. So basically, I'm not sure, like, how familiar you are with offering. But today is in bag is offering something that's called data agents. And the main focus of this infrastructure is mostly around prediction market. So it means that we are capable to provide any kind of AI based data that ready for, for AI agents, prediction markets from wallets, intelligence to, to trades and anything on top of that. We have a specific and specialized agents that trained on sports data around prediction Market, mostly around poly market, but also around the country. We talked a lot about the MCP. And then if you know that, and I think that maybe like Mori and medic can also give some kind of a quick background about, about the data agents and, like, how it works behind the scenes in general around prediction market specifically also for sports and what are the difference. And then we, you can maybe give some kind of background about what, what you are building around that and what's, what's your goal. Perfect. Yeah. And so I've looked over at your guys API reference, but I haven't looked at the. The agent offering. Can you tell me more about that?  
Me: Sure. Hey Jeremy before I dig in can you tell me a bit about your background? I want to make sure that I don't go. To technical or not going to technical. I don't want to lose you with a rough conversation.  
Them: Yeah. So I run the, the product over the. Odds of Jam B2C side. Nils is also here. He leads the engineering. We're both pretty technical. Yeah, we're both pretty tall, so feel free to go and send what you need. The. The focus that we have right now is. A tool that recommends bets for prediction markets. And roughly the way our algorithm works is. We're looking at whales in the leaderboard and then also just whales by volume. And then we have a decision layer on top of that that sizes and scores, the bets. That these whales are placing. So we're not literally taking every single one. Right. And the general idea is that by dynamically sizing as opposed to just flat bedding and then trying to avoid bots or market makers, you know, people who are kind of doing two sided markets. Then we can beat the market and essentially generate our own edge. And so right now we primarily use the poly market API to get all this. So, I mean, I think one of my. General questions for you guys is how is interacting with Heisenberg different than interacting with poly market? Because I do see a pretty strong overlap in the API calls. I think one thing that. We don't have a poly market is this wallet stats all time. That's interesting. Like being able to. Basically get a back filled history of the data, whereas poly market is only going to give you the data from the most recent trades. I think that's interesting. But, yeah, I generally want to understand how is this different from us just hitting the official API directly.  
Me: Okay. Thank you Jeremy. So basically first of all that's very cool what you're building in terms of the decision layer so what we have we don't have AI agent we have a concept called data agents it's come out of my research I'm a professor at you want to do here my team that with what we develop the concept of data agents and what we are doing is that how we can provide distilled information for AI rather than raw data for example if you don't trades. On your AI agents is gonna be aware a lot of hallucination will happen otherwise you have to provide these distilled aggregated informations that matters. Right in terms of overlap with poly market other than the trademark and order book I doubt it if the rest are overlapping that's one thing and even for order book you cannot get historical order book we have historical order book over that as well.  
Them: Yep. Yeah. Oh, great.  
Me: In terms of what we are doing and what we have we have data agent. Sorry let me see someone's coming oh no so basically. Youy don't see this by the way in public these are what you see here because I'm logging in my account so we have specifically sport intelligence layer. That provides all information in AI agent or trader needs. Particularly in sport for example. Okay so I start first let's say let me go for the general ones then I get back to that one for example you need to keep track of the price jump you need to keep track of different angles on market and the traders right so what we offer is the intelligence for that for example if you go out to our market 360 you get a lot of statistical financial security angles per market it also.  
Them: This is Market, right? You start with Market and then go to body.  
Me: Yes I'm in the market and what matters for example you want to know that if there are market makers there are hedge funds there you want to find a healthy volume rather than the ones who are hyping it for the sake of you know two side trading or whatsoever so the market 360 gives you a lot of information per market on that so in terms of how good this market is the veil concentration in this particular market the volume risk on the kind of collapse of the volume everything that you need for market so these are not something that you unless you build your own pipeline for this right the wallet 360 is more interesting and more compressive it has many different intelligence.  
Them: Right?  
Me: About each wallet that you can mix it up with the market for example you can look at the market let's say for example let me see this market right so here there are top holders you can see the top holders but the numbers you see here that's a bit misleading and if you focus on this one it's a bit in trouble for you but what happens here is that you get the top holder information about their last one day p l seven days 14 days is a p l you get all the financial metrics to show that how good this person is that is trading this particular market okay so that's kind of another thing so we have a model which gives them a score per wallet we have more than 1 million wallets being indexed so it tells you that how good this percent is in terms of the trading this is an AI model that we built internally based on many different angles many different things that tells you that how good this person is is he a real trader or is a market maker or is a I don't know hedge fund or is a bot whatsoever it gives you score highest for those who has actually knowledge rather than just you know thousands of hundreds of thousands of transactions with a win rate of 50 50% you know what I mean?  
Them: Yeah. Right.  
Me: So.  
Them: Yeah. And sorry, what is, what is the AI output here? Because these are all pretty factual, right? Like win rate, Roi. These are all.  
Me: No no no this one this one it gives you an okay let me show you here maybe it's better so this one the AI it's an H score.  
Them: The eight score. Okay.  
Me: Yeah this sqar or h index what it does is basically let me for example click on this with 74. Right if you look at this person definitely you see a certain Trends particularly in recents because what our model does it trains to predict next seven days earning of this person. So and we have a pretty good accuracy actually I run the new model is around 88 accuracy that predict the next seven days correctly. Okay so H score is actually built based on this logic so if it's a good Trader if I can predict it good so that's actually a good to focus on we have piano that's another things for example probably you know if you look at this let's say p l here this is not actually realized p l for active Traders so we have all the realized p ls that you can leverage the minimum I would say in our platforms then all this for general right oh I forgot something for volat 360 per wallet. You also get that how good this percent is in each category. So for example in sport in politics everything and all the performance of these features for that category so specifically I assume that you're more interested in the sport intelligence then it comes to our modeling of a score for sports the wallet 360 for sports all focus now on sports.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And the categories that we have there right the smart money positioning that how the crowd in terms of the shark wallets are having the positions per market so there are many regulars that are bus trading there are a lot of market makers so we have been we have a classifier tell us who is the sharp Trader so we look at the top holders to see that this side how many shark Traders are involved and how they are involved. So these kind of you know these type of intelligence closing line that it also kind of return the closing price for each outcome of the market that we have. What we do we calculate actually VW for that. So that's kind of the sport one again we have when it comes to agents we have our own workflow skills so I can show you how it works in cloud so we have some analytics pipeline already set on our MCP. That for example when you are saying that analyze a market it mix up different data agents. In a right way to analyze the market it's not going to use just one agent it's going to use multiple agents from market 360 to positioning to I don't know closing line price jump all together to do the analysis for market. So it's kind of you know it's more agentics intelligence but I can show you the demo on the cloud if that also helps as well.  
Them: I see. And then this, this version of the docs, this is, this is not public, right? How can, can I take a look at this? Stuff?  
Me: That's one that's one something that you know we can discuss it how to provide you this is for exclusive sport clients that we have but what you see is that public ones you can do a lot of that obviously based on the public.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But no plan probably you need.  
Them: And how, how far back does the, the history go? Because I assume that all this data is pulled from poly market, but. And then you guys store the snapshots on your side. Right. That's how you guys are doing this.  
Me: Not for trades the trades come from chain we have our own indexer we get the data directly from polygon so trades from poly market is a mistake to go for just the lesson that we learn eight months ago because if you want to do the trading right away you need the data that's okay.  
Them: Got it.  
Me: But if you want historical data that's total mess to me so we have our own indexer getting the data from polygon with seconds are delayed and we have it since we have it for a year now but it's just maybe running a pipeline to get even more but we don't see the necessity at the moment because to me the patterns are changing quickly so the further you go.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Probably after a year. Doesn't. Yeah, I agree. And, and so you're, you're pulling the order book from polygon, too.  
Me: We got no order books are not on the blocks that's that's the tricky part for that one we get the snapshot from poly market since we launched it.  
Them: Got it. Okay. So order book from poly market. The order book from poly market, the trades from polygon. And then what about the, the leaderboard? Where is that getting index run?  
Me: Oh I will lead the world we are building all internally.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: There are always.  
Them: Wait, but you had, but you have to get everyone's trade history. Right. So I guess you're, like, building the, you're building the leaderboard from the polygon trade history or from what?  
Me: So Ville that's more than that we did the unit is the trade but there are different layers of in generic to get to the right features for our leaderboard modeling.  
Them: Yep. Sure.  
Me: So it's not like.  
Them: And I guess my, my main. Yeah. Yeah. There's got to be more features than in the trades for sure. I'm more so asking. Is your leaderboard. Larger? I'm assuming it's larger. Than poly market. Right. It includes even people that aren't on the poly market leaderboard.  
Me: We have all the wallets existing since last year the one year all of them in the leaderboard.  
Them: Right. Perfect. Otherwise. Okay. Okay. All the wallets, not just the ones that are on the leaderboard.  
Me: No that that to be honest I never used polymarket to me that one is so misleading.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, we agree, because we've, I mean, we, we've kind of. Built a similar thing. Internally. And then, yeah, they're. Some of the ways they calculate our wire, their leaderboard is misleading. So I agree.  
Me: Oh it's it's pretty misleading I think that's one of the reason many this copy traders are failing that's one of the obviously because they are that leaderboard is very it's beautiful you see people making these millions of dollars but it's very very misleading.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: To me.  
Them: Yeah. What would you, what would you say are the. The biggest traits on making this leading.  
Me: Sorry what?  
Them: I said, what are the biggest traits that make it misleading? Like, like what? How is the way that you're calculating and different from what poly market's doing?  
Me: The thing is first of all poly market does not consider the real time or close to real time earnings and also poly market doesn't care about any other factor but p l.  
Them: Right.  
Me: To me p l is a very misleading app kind of you know metric to rank everyone did that you have to consider the performance which could be a combination of event behavior or who you are for example market makers to me they don't deserve to rank pretty high.  
Them: Yeah, that's not fair. It's not.  
Me: But look at look at for example the ones in the poly market leaderboard there are many there's just market makers with the win rate 50% 51.  
Them: Yeah. A lot of. Hard. Yeah. I agree. I agree.  
Me: So that.  
Them: Yeah, that's like a big, that's a big problem to solve for us, too, just because if you're giving out recommendations, you can't be recommending people to tail market makers. It's not really feasible way to make money.  
Me: No way.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Okay. Cool. All right, that's my questions for now. Is there anything else you want to share? Yeah. So basically from a optical side that we saw that you do launch some mcps that related to prediction markets, maybe you can, like, give some more highlight, like how you basically do that. Like, what kind of data you provide over there? Maybe you can see. Yeah. So the mcps, the mcp we have right now is in prediction Market related. It's purely for sports. So I'd say it's, it's more mostly used for looking at historical line movement. There's also some other stuff there, like injury data. But I would, I would think of the and MCP as a rapper for our Odds comparison API. Okay. Okay. Nice. So basically, like one of the things that we are doing today, like, we do work with some, some other partners that provide this kind of API through their platforms. In total, we got up until now in the last, I would say two, three months or something like that. Nearly 50 million API calls from, like, either agents or humans. And when doing that, like, one of the things that I think that might be very impactful is that we will be able to attach some of those APIs, even through epoxy or directly through our own API to you, to your offering, like to the OGMA offering, like either for the, like, you know, like anything that related to wallets or trades. Yeah. Anything on top of that, I think it can be very beneficial for me, like, I see, like a partnership where we do kind of like a pass through API, right, where someone. Yes. All through our MCP and it gets passed through to Heisenberg. That's what you're saying. Exactly. Yes. Either for sports, like prediction Market sports data or general prediction markets. Guys, it's kind of like a distribution deal. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's interesting. Let's see. What would. Okay, so help me understand your guys Focus because I was, when I was just looking at the API docs, I was just seeing the poly market and cowsy stuff. I'm very interested by the, I guess, like the exclusive docs that you just showed above. And there was, like, a sports focus in the crypto focus. So is that, is that new? Can you, like, tell me more about the, like, the direction you guys are heading in? Yeah, true. So we are walking. Yeah. In several verticals currently three verticals, like social media general prediction marks in sports around prediction markets, everything based on demand from the market. So I would say that, like, sports is not something that we exposed. Also know the quick markets of, like, crypto quick market. But, yeah, we are capable to, to work on, like, more, I would say customized deal where, like, we can open up certain type of verticals under different proxies or, like, we can think how, how we can do that. Like, there's two directly Eisenberg, like proxy to, to you guys, like, under your domain.  
Me: So basically.  
Them: Got it. Got it. Okay. Okay. So I have, I have some ideas here. Nils, did you have any questions? No. I mean, if we could, like, just get access to those docs at least that are hidden just so we know what's available. Like, we don't need to make the API request either course. But just so we know it's available, it'll be awesome so far. It's, like, super enticing. Like, be really, really useful, I think. But to be sure, like, I would like to take a further look at it, but that's, that's really awesome that you guys have.  
Me: Thank. You.  
Them: Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: What. I recommend Jeremy and nails that kind of something that helps you a lot even if you just use our current MCP not with the skills then we can customize it obviously for this particular sport data agents you will see the mcp that we have how it works it's basically.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Helps you a lot in analytics and deep research per market. That kind of something if you want something that you consider for Oddjam it can give you a really good idea how this kind of prediction market intelligence can be integrated there so basically we don't have multiple endpoints we are not an API rest API platforms kind of we are agentic so there is one link with multiple data agents identifiers and the mcpd decide which one is best fit based on the question so you don't need to install many of them. So that's kind of architecture behind the scene but if you log in then I can also see how I can customize the MCP that you have with the sport data agents.  
Them: Got it. Got it. Yeah. So in terms of. Us working together, I think the. The short term, I think, like the immediate opportunity here is what nil says, like, if we get access to the docs, get access to the MCP. I, I think where our head is at is it seems like this data would help us improve the algorithm. We do have some overlap with some of our internal infrastructure because, like, we've, we've been taking snapshots of this data as well. Right. So we basically want to compare how our snapshots are comparing to yours. It does seem like you, you guys have a more robust setup, but, you know, we want to verify that. And then, then the second part, which I'm not sure how we'll do off the top of my head, but is also just verify how. This data is improving our back test, right? Because one thing that, you know, one thing that we'll have to pay special attention to is that, okay, I like how you guys have the H score, right? You guys have this opinionated take on who's a high performer. Right. We have our own proprietary score, too. And so maybe we're using a mix. Maybe we just want to use your raw data and then apply our own decision layer on top of it. Maybe we're. We're doing some kind of weighted hybrid of our score versus your score, but that's. I'd say, like the validation. I think is something that's particularly important for us. Because we don't just want to. We don't just want to pass through the api to our customers. I think that's another, I think it's a separate opportunity, and that probably be more B2B. But the immediate opportunity is does this actually improve our algorithm? Right. And so I'm not. I'm not too focused on the raw data. I'm more so focused on, like, what is the output, right? How does this actually improve our profitability?  
Me: That's something that is very important Jeremy having just intelligence without any actionability. To misgarbage so basically the backtest the way for edges correctly is the way that we are doing we are training the model based on certain training data that we are building but we are backtesting forward actually we don't do back testing we do forward testing two weeks to see that what happens and how accurate it is for next two weeks.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Even better. Even better. Yeah.  
Me: So that's kind of one thing the other thing that kind of you know as you were talking we are working on something internally that I'm sure that you get to that AI agent soon and for that one we are building.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: Let me show you it's one minute but it's worth showing you. Because it tells you that how we are looking at the performance right so we develop a CLI specifically for deep intelligence.  
Them: Yes. Yeah.  
Me: On top of poly market CLI okay for so what happens now in agent communicate with our platforms discover what market is best for that?  
Them: Yep.  
Me: So for example here out of 500 something markets it look at different layers of filterings to filter them. Then it look at tell you that why I filter them or which one you have to execute it.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: And once it's fired the execution then I want to show you the difference to tell you that white matters right so it tells you that how it works you can get more depot details per market what's happening but look at this is the simulation over 14 days.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Over 14 days we look at 25 markets and we ask agent to use our CLI to do. The kind of no trading actually so hours the Heisenberg only offer to trade six markets.  
Them: Analysis. Yeah.  
Me: But the regular one if you look at the volume whatsoever probably you're gonna do 24. So look at the results so we have an ROI around 51%  
Them: Interesting.  
Me: With kind of you know how much money we invest what's the win rate and everything so basically that's the part that it becomes very critical so it's not a big deal what to execute or how to execute is the product Heisenberg is doing.  
Them: Yeah. And, and does this count into account? Does it take into account slippage at all?  
Me: This one the demo that you see not yet no but that's something that is not in our control to be honest it's more on the if you go for crypto we are developing one version for quick market but for a sports market particularly it's pretty acceptable the announcement is doing but when it comes to crypto let's five minutes market that's something that we are still discussing internally how to make the intelligence more distilled.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  
Me: That Asia can decide more quickly. But at the moment I think it's about one to two seconds per market the whole analysis. But obviously needs more.  
Them: Yeah. You know, I mean, no, the directionally, this looks, this good. Obviously slippage is just more an optimization.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Okay. Okay. So then in this, in this particular test, it was trained on. What, like last six months, and then you just removed the, the last two weeks of data, and you did the, and then you did the validation on the last two weeks.  
Me: The one that I showed you there is no training happened it just uses our MCP users CLI and our agent skills and does everything on fly so the training happens through our MCP that is already behind the scene for that one actually I have it on my laptop I could show you today the performance result was around 88% for next two weeks predictions based on the train test data holdout data that we had.  
Them: Oh. Yeah. Basing the whole out there. Interesting.  
Me: Yeah so basically the the way.  
Them: Tell me more about the, how is, how is there, how is there no training? I'm not, I'm not following how that's possible.  
Me: So that's let's that's kind of the training of these models usually in prediction market because we have or stock in general so we have time series right so there is a sequential data time based data so what we do we have a big snapshot of data about.  
Them: Yeah. Yep.  
Me: So we hold out last two weeks.  
Them: Yep. Yep.  
Me: And we don't use it in training it's completely unseen but use the rest to build the training that we need and train the model.  
Them: Yep. Yep.  
Me: Then the models look at the next two weeks look at the past different wallet we said that oh this wallet this is the p l this wallet and this is a p n l the model doesn't.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: The model predict the p l and earning. Then we compare it with what the part that is unseen and like oh you know what the model predicted this wallet make two thousand dollars the the the realistically it made 1800 so the model was 200 off.  
Them: I see. Yeah.  
Me: But when we did this kind of performance analysis we were correct in 88% of the wallet cases.  
Them: Interesting. So you're not. I see. So you're, you're kind of determining fair value by ranking the p and now or, sorry, the ROI of the traders themselves.  
Me: One more time sorry I didn't get the quiz.  
Them: Yeah. You're, I guess what I'm, what I'm trying to draw a connection to is it sounds like you're, you're ranking people by projecting or predicting their p l. Right.  
Me: Yes pani but yes based on perform. Ance.  
Them: So they're general performance. Right. And I'm sure there's a variety of parameters there. What I'm not following is. How does that help you to determine fair value? Right. Because are you, I guess. Are you trying to go for binary outcomes? And you're saying, okay, I think this one's going to win or you're more so saying, hey, I think fair value for this is 54 cents. And right now it's being sold at 50 cents, so we should go buy it.  
Me: Oh that's a good question so basically at the moment we look at who earned and who we didn't what value they got to the market to win or whatsoever that goes to the deeper analytics so this model tells you that this particular wallet.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: We could predict it and he's actually good.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Even for next two weeks then what we do that's the next system strategy reconstructions so we look at how they did it through our wallet 360 and market 360. So we look at okay you know what this person got to the market when the price was around this did they exit or wait for resolve how much share he buyed what's their kind of current liquidity per market all these angles and we have we have these intelligence to do it.  
Them: Got it. Got it. Okay, so you're, you're reverse engineering each whale's strategy. Right. And I assume that most, most of these guys are doing some kind of, like, fair value play.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Right. And then.  
Me: The other angle to be honest what I found it's not just about the fair value some of them truly they are insider. You see that for example yeah you see that when they got to the market it was not about the fair value it was just they know that they have a knowledge either as a good expert or they have a knowledge from I don't know team or politics whatsoever so they know which side is going to end up so they don't do the trading kind of skills they do more of knowledge skills.  
Them: Binary. Right? Yeah. Right. And that's, you find that for sports, too, or you're talking mostly non sports.  
Me: Even for sports there are some people that they don't get you know they they get to the kind of you know market as soon as the market starts because they know that who they're gonna bet on they don't care.  
Them: Y. Like they're, they're putting in money before there's even real price discovery. And that leads you to believe that they know the outcome.  
Me: Yeah and some of them they're really good at.  
Them: Interesting.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Interesting. Okay. I mean, this, I mean, this sounds very, very compelling. I think. Yeah, next. I'm just repeating myself at this point, but, yeah, I think next step is like, we'd like to get hands in the MCP. We'd like to kind of run it against our own infrastructure. I think that's definitely where we can partner first. And then the. I think we can talk about doing some kind of pass through API for the mcp separately. Yeah, I think. Yeah, I think that would be a separate. Conversation. And maybe that's good from, like, a visibility and partnership. Perspective. But getting this worked into our B2C side, I think that's, that's an even higher priority. Because we're going to be able to. Leverage that with real customers right as opposed to, like, the. The ncp. I think. My take is kind of like a. Like a hype in distribution. Type and distribution play. Right. Because the, the people who are going to be using this, they want to be taking the bets in real time. Right. Like, I assume they're not going to be. Doing, like, research on the Fly. Right. It's just not as practical a way to bet. Right.  
Me: Just one thing Jeremy I have to clarify our power is not the intelligence that even I share with you our hour is building any new intelligence in couple of hours.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So basically.  
Them: What?  
Me: In couple of hours so basically you said that I need this this data agents that we have these are autonomous connected to our they do the developments deployment give you the endpoint. So that's actually our mode for the power that we have we call it composable intelligence so it's something oh you know what these are good but I need this.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Most likely unless there is something freaky different than you know about reveal but we can build within a couple of hours and deliver it.  
Them: Interesting. So. Okay, so you're saying your moat is this kind of. Data agent infrastructure, and it's actually totally sports agnostic prediction market agnostic. Exactly. I see. And tell me more about this infrastructure. So, like, it's the. I mean, I understand it's proprietary. Right. But, like, what is the general flow? Like, what's kind of like the input and output that you guys are, are looking at?  
Me: So if I usually that's the way that I simplify it they used to be an error C data engineers right they are building pipelines connecting to the data doing the processing generate some output.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: They make this job schedule and then the data goes to the database then there is another let's say retrieval that you run query on that particular intelligence to get whatever you want.  
Them: Yep. Yep.  
Me: So the whole thing is being automated. Now so what happens we already we are very good with poly market right prediction market. Our data is just connected so when a new demand comes in let's say someone says that oh you know what I want the weighted piano something completely out of box.  
Them: Sure.  
Me: What happened there is a kind of vikali router the router customize one of these data agents for that. And deploy the retriever. And gives you the agent ID the inputs and you use it. So the whole kind of the infrastructures it's it's a two years project we were working on is that how we can get rid of all these developments deployments and maintenance. Agentic API so that's kind of what we built. That's maybe I can show you here even if you look at I always said that our API we call it API but some people they like okay it looks weird why you have these type of endpoints because if you look at our documentation for example. We have just one link here.  
Them: Right. Because you're constantly spinning up. New endpoints, right? That's why.  
Me: Yes so yeah there is an agent ID with the identity of this this agent ID for example is built specifically for Heisenberg did score for.  
Them: I see.  
Me: So there is no other kind of bunch of.  
Them: The ID is kind of like the idea is kind of the end point, right? That's how you, that's how you do. I see.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: Yeah but kind of yeah that's kind of this data agents then these data agent with this ID behind the scene in our platforms our infra we already built it it's set up it has its own event llm everything to make sure that if there is a tweet needed it can do it can test it can make sure it works and deliver it.  
Them: So when you, when you spin up a, a new agent, what are you, what are you defining? Are you saying, like, hey, I want, I want to make sure that you're pulling data from X, y, Z API and then the output Json should look like this with the payload should look like this. Like what? I'm curious.  
Me: If it's about the pipeline yes but at the moment the pipelines are super wide so we have engineers communicating with the agent developing and they're supervising but when it's the first version it developed then it goes to a kind of you know templates.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: That you can do the retrieval everything.  
Them: Got it. Very interesting. Okay, cool. That's all the questions I have for now. Yeah, we would love to get our hands on this and then we can talk. I'll bring in Ryan and we can. We can talk partnership here, but, yeah, it does seem like we're solving very similar problems. So I hope we. Can work together. Yeah. Sounds perfect. Yes. I also spoke with Ryan about the visibility area over here, how we can actually help also, like even in general gambling.com, like, you know, by providing more AI infrastructure the first time, basically, like making kind of agentic infrastructure or genetic intelligence that you provide to your users is B2C even through proxy, but anything like that, like, because, you know, like right now, like anything that's related to AI somehow get a lot of traction, either from actual users or even like from the public and basically, I think it can be very beneficial from different angles. But of course, like, first of all, like next step, we gonna share with you anything that we have also on the sports API, either docs or even like access to the MCP itself. And, yeah, we can, but even, like, take it from there and, you know, like, even schedule another call with you guys and Ryan and, yeah, move forward from that point. Yes. Yeah, that sounds great. And, yeah, I'm interested as you guys produce more use cases or more technology. We can figure out where to work that in game. I'd say. I'd say generally. What I'm interested in is providing recommendations to users. Right. That's. That's kind of the bread and butter of our business that's kind of the, that's, that's what our offering is, right? A I and, and models and LLMs, it's a way to get there. Right. But with the user wants recommendation. Right. Yeah. You know, most users don't care so much about the math. And then the second thing, which is very related, is any validation. Right. It's like, how can we justify to users that this works and that it's. It's more intelligent than. I mean, this is dumb, but just finding the best over $10,000. Right. Like how do we, how do we prove that is truly the most low variance in the, in the. Like, like, as much as they see, like, on top of Oddjam, like the biggest difference that I see between Oddjam and the opticot is the user type, I would say, like on Oddjam, it's mostly like power users. I would call them like that. And opticote, like they're more professional, more like, like actual traders with more experience over there. I told them to make that mostly trying to trade in, like, find, find the gordo, like, find, like, find their luck around that and, like, see what kind of, I'm not sure, like, that luck is the, the best world to say that, like, to get the tools that will bring them the most efficient way to make money out of that. Exactly. They will not build, like, their own models or something like that. So overall, like, the way that we can make the cooperation between these two elements, we can do some kind of even backtesting, like, for example, what would happen if you do copy trading of our leaderboard users wallets compared to, like, the leaderboard on top of poly market. Yeah. Actually, let me, let me send you. This is just a cloud prototype, but I'll send in the slack channel some of our evals for the, for the algorithm. Okay. Because that's, that's basically how we market it to users. Right. The evals is basically like, and also it'll make more sense when I share it with you, but, you know, what's the max profit? What's the profit if you only did 20 bets a day? What is. Okay. Like if we did, if we ran a monte carlo simulation, what percent of what percent of simulations end up profitable? Right. But anyway, I'll send perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I think what you said about optic odds and, and Oddsjam is, is spot on. I think optic odds people, they just kind of want the raw data. They're going to go do their own kind of decision making and classification. Right. And then they kind of expect the full package. And, yeah, to be honest, like, between of us, like today, the biggest distribute distribution channel that we have is actually one of the biggest. It's actually the biggest poly market analytics website that exists. They have, like, 10, 000 daily active users. And, yeah, like, most of the users over there are very, you know, the same type, like Oddjam, it's market under their brand, basically, but it's the same endpoints. They don't have the sports access, by the way, only the general markets, very limited version of what we present to you. But, yeah, like, there are thousands of users that already using that. And, yeah, it's the same type of power users that try to build their own kind of trading bot and stuff, but they don't want to go, like, deeply into the algorithms and stuff like that. Right, right. Cool. All right, well, I'm gonna send this. I'm gonna send the eval to you guys right now, and then. Yeah, if you can share next steps on how we can get the, the documentation API access, that'd be great. Yes. Yes. We would show that. Cool. Okay, perfect. Okay. Thanks for the time, guys. Thank you very much, Jeremy. Thank you.  
Me: Yeah. 